it was today's technology we should be
able to hear another person's thoughts
it would be better if we had a human
any human enough for me three what
must have been a power outage last night
when Oliver makes an incredible
discovery make way for the total package
brains personality and good looks things
will never be the same tastes like a
genius so old dogs understand all humans
ah but you can't tell anybody that's me
y'all me occupy the same space baked for
you good luck at the fair now he must
make sure his new invention the skin
especially doesn't fall into the wrong
hands
oh my god it was you didn't I would do
anything to acquire this technology Syd
show you not hungry wait what no one
said there be snacks
they've got adventure my human is in
trouble and I need your help
Oh didn't know you're having an awesome
party down to a science
we are gonna save Oliver Gabriel Bateman
Kunal Nayyar with Megan Fox and Josh
Duhamel
we make a good team Henry
[Music]
think like a dog you smell as many butts
as I have you tend to pick up a few
things
[Music]